##CSS Methodology
[GETBEM.COM](http://getbem.com/)

There are only two hard problems in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things — 
<cite>Phil Karlton</cite>

<hr/>

#### Intro to BEM CSS Methodology ?
BEM — Block Element Modifier is a methodology that helps you to create reusable components and code sharing in front-end development.<br/>
BEM (Block, Element, Modifier) is a component-based approach to web development. The idea behind it is to divide the user interface into independent blocks. <br/>
This makes interface development easy and fast even with a complex UI, and it allows reuse of existing code without copying and pasting.<br/>
Methodology BEM was invented at Yandex (Goolge of Russia) to develop sites which should be launched fast and supported for a long time. 

<hr/>

#### Why BEM ?
Using beautiful classname with BEM standard.<br/>
You can customize your own classname with rules we provided.<br/>
It helps to create extendable and reusable interface components.<br/>
BEM is a highly useful, powerful, and simple naming convention that makes your front-end code easier to read and understand.<br/>
It is easier to work with, easier to scale, more robust and explicit, and a lot more strict.<br/>
The BEM approach ensures that everyone who participates in the development of a website works with a single codebase and speaks the same language. <br/>
Using BEM’s proper naming convention will better prepare you for design changes made to your website.

<hr/>

##### Modularity
Block styles are never dependent on other elements on a page, so you will never experience problems from cascading.<br/>
You also get the ability to transfer blocks from your finished projects to new ones.<br/>

<hr/>

##### Structure
BEM methodology gives your CSS code a solid structure that remains simple and easy to understand.

<hr/>

##### Reusability
Composing independent blocks in different ways, and reusing them intelligently, reduces the amount of CSS code that you will have to maintain. <br/>
With a set of style guidelines in place, you can build a library of blocks, making your CSS super effective.